Binary release/versioning management (#3)
veraison/community: binary-release-management.md

The rest of the doc will cover the release process for the following kinds of releases:

### Major Releases

The Veraison project is under active development to reach a stable target version of 1.0.0

### Minor Releases

- **ALPHA:** X.Y.0-alpha.W, W >= 0 (Branch : main)
  - Alpha release, cut from main branch
  - Unstable release which should only be used for early development purposes
  - Released as needed before we cut a beta X.Y release
  - Not supported
- **BETA:** X.Y.0-beta.W, W >= 0 (Branch : main)
  - More stable than the alpha release to be used for testing purposes only
  - Beta release, cut from main branch
  - Released as needed before we cut a stable X.Y release
  - Not supported
- **RC:** X.Y.0-rc.W, W >= 0 (Branch : main)
  - Released as needed before we cut a stable X.Y release
  - soak for ~ 2 weeks before cutting a stable release
  - Bugfixes on new features only as reported through usage
  - Release candidate release, cut from main branch
  - Not supported
- **STABLE:** X.Y.0 (Branch: main)

>   - Stable release, cut from master when X.Y milestone is complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Stable release, cut from main branch when X.Y milestone is complete
```

  - X.Y release branch cut for subsequent patch releases
  - Supported as per the supported releases process defined below

### Patch Releases

- Patch Releases X.Y.Z, Z > 0 (Branch: release-X.Y, only cut when a patch is needed)
  - No breaking changes

>   - Applicable fixes, including security fixes, may be cherry-picked from master into the latest supported minor release-X.Y branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Applicable fixes, including security fixes, may be cherry-picked from main branch into the latest supported minor release-X.Y branches.
```
